{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f11\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}MS Sans Serif;}{\f16\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f44\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f71\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE{\*\falt Arial};}{\f72\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr{\*\falt Arial};}{\f74\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f75\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur{\*\falt Arial};}{\f76\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic{\*\falt Arial};}{\f137\fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}{\f138\fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}
{\f140\fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}{\f141\fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f142\fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f9\ul \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f9 \sbasedon0 \snext0 
heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar\adjustright \ul \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 5;}{
\s6\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\ul \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 8;}{
\s9\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \i\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 
footnote text;}{\s17\li720\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext19 j;}{
\s20\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext22 ctcb;}{
\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs28 \sbasedon0 \snext24 TT;}{\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext25 crtj;}{
\s26\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext28 Hf;}{
\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext31 c;}{
\s32\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext32 ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext34 nsct;}{
\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext36 HC2;}{
\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext39 crt;}{
\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f5 \sbasedon0 \snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360\adjustright \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f11 \sbasedon3 \snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f11\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\adjustright \f11\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{
\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1915\adjustright \f11\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar\adjustright \b\f11\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive \super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}{\*\cs49 
\additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs50 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}{\s51\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\adjustright \fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext51 header;}{\s52\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\adjustright \fs20 
\sbasedon0 \snext52 footer;}}{\info{\author David Broman}{\operator russ}{\creatim\yr1993\mo11\dy4\hr18\min38}{\revtim\yr2002\mo6\dy7\hr22\min16}{\version198}{\edmins486}{\nofpages38}{\nofwords2000}{\nofchars11403}{\*\company home}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \sl240\slmult0
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_ALL}}}{\b\f16\fs28\up6 Zoom+}{\b\f16 
\par }{\f16 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f16 Zoom+ screen magnification utility to replace the ever-popular ZoomIn shipped with various Microsoft development tools. I liked ZoomIn, i
t did almost everything I wanted and was small and light. But, the interface was a little clumsy for setting the update speed, it did not save its settings to the registry and it had a nasty flicker when resizing.
\par 
\par So I decided to write Zoom+. It addresses all of the problems I found with ZoomIn and has some extra features. Here is a complete list:
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-227\li227\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Magnify any portion of the screen up to 32 times.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 No more pixel counting. Whenever you make a selection with Zoom+ the size of the selection in screen pixels is displayed in a tooltip style popup window.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 To make pixel counting and measuring even easier there is a user definable grid, you can change the grid density and the colour. Pixel counting at a glance.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Intellimouse support for data-zoom, that is hold down the CTRL key whilst pushing the mouse wheel forwards and backwards.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Internet Explorer style auto-panning. Simply click the middle mouse button on the main Zoom+ display and you can pan around the entire screen.}{\b\f16 
\par \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Full keyboard support.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Always on top - this allows Zoom+ to remain floating above all other applications.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Copy to clipboard - both the zoomed image and the screen image can be copied to the clipboard.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Save to file support - both the zoomed image and the screen image can be saved to an uncompressed Windows bitmap, this file can then be loaded and edited using an image editor such as Microsoft Paint.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Follow mouse - allows Zoom+ to update the display every time the mouse moves. This is useful when inspecting areas of the screen that may be animated or where you are not really sure where the area of interest may be.

\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Advanced screen grabbing feature allows any portion of the screen to be easily saved to the clipboard or file.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Highlight - sometimes it is not obvious which area of the screen you are magnifying, highlight will cause the magnified screen rectangle to flash several times.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Zoom To - enables you to easily zoom in on the area of interest; just select the area you want by holding down the right mouse button and dragging, and choose Zoom To from the context menu.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Zoom+ remembers all of your settings and preferences and has an exceptionally small footprint.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Transparent window in operating systems that support it (Windows 2000).
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par }{\f16\uldb Keys}{\v\f16\uldb HID_KEYBOARD>NormWin}{\f16\uldb 
\par 
\par How Do I\'85}{\v\f16\uldb HID_HOW_DO_I>NormWin}{\f16\uldb 
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\f16\uldb About Zoom+}{\v\f16\uldb HID_ABOUT_ZOOMPLUS>NormWin}{\f16\uldb 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_ABOUT}}}{\f16 Displays the Help About dialog box
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_SAVE_AS}}}{\f16 Save the image to an uncompressed Windows bitmap file.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_COPY_TO_CLIPBOARD}}}{\f16 
Copy the magnified image to the clipboard, the magnified image is the image currently displayed in the Zoom+ main window area.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_COPY_TO_CLIPBOARD_SCREEN}}}{\f16 Copy the selected screen image to the clipboard. This is useful when you want to capture a small
 portion of the screen in one go, this saves the steps of capturing the entire window/screen, copying to a paint package and then cutting out the piece you are interested in.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_ZOOM}}}{\f16 Set the magnification level currently in use.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_UPDATE}}}{\f16 
Set the update speed used, this is used when you want Zoom+ to watch an area of the screen and automatically update the main display when the screen changes.
\par }\pard \fi-227\li227\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Slow will update once per second 
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Medium will update ten times per second.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Fast will update twenty times per second.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_ALWAYSONTOP}}}{\f16 
Changes the position of the Zoom+ window. If this option is selected then Zoom+ will remain on top of all other applications even when it is not active. This is useful when you want to magnify a maximized window.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f9 HID_TOOLBAR}}}{\f16 Zoom+ toolbar. Use the What's This help to find out more about the commands on the toolbar.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_GRIPPER}}}{\f16 This is the sizing gripper for the window.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_MAINSCREEN}}}{\f16 This is the main display area of Zoom+, it displays a magnified area of the screen.
\par To move the magnification area simply hold down the left mouse button and drag, this will display a selection rectangle that you can move around the entire screen, where ever you drop the rectangle will determine the screen area Zoom+ will magnify.
\par To copy a small portion of the display press the right mouse button and select the area you want, when you release the right button you will see a context menu that gives you the options of saving the image to clipboard or file.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\page }{\cs15\b\fs28\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_KEYBOARD}}}{\b\f16\fs28 Keyboard Control
\par }\pard \fi-227\li227\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Cursor keys move the view one pixel in the desired direction, when combined with Ctrl the view will move 16 pixels in the desired direction.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Page Up and Page Down move the view up or down by a little under the height of the view, when combined with Ctrl will move the view left or right a little under the width of the view.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Plus(+) will zoom in, Minus(-) will zoom out. Also, if you have an intellimouse then using the mouse wheel roll forward/backward with Ctrl pressed (datazoom) will zoom in/out.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Plus(+) and Minus(-) combined with Ctrl will increase or decrease the update speed.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-C will co
py the magnified image to the clipboard, when combined with Shift it will copy the unmagnified image to the clipboard. This is useful for grabbing a portion of the screen instead of doing a screen grab and then cutting out the bit you want using your imag
e editor.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 
Ctrl-M toggles the follow mouse feature on and off. When enabled the Zoom+ display will track along with the mouse movements. An arrow will also be displayed within the Zoom+ display at the same position as the mouse relative to the Zoom+ display.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-S will allow you to save the image in either magnified or unmagnified format.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-O will display the Options dialog box
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-A will display the About Zoom+ dialog box
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-H cause the highlight to be shown.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-G toggles the grid on and off.
\par }{\b\f16 \{bmc bullet.bmp\}  }{\f16 Ctrl-SHFT+T toggles transparency.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_SAVE_ZOOMED_IMAGE}}}{\f16 Used to determine whether you save a large, zoomed bitmap or a small, non-zoomed bitmap
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_FOLLOW_MOUSE}}}{\f16 Follow Mouse will cause the zoom view to move with the mouse.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_STATUSBAR}}}{\f16 The status bar, context relevant information appears here.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f16 HID_STATUSBAR_RGB}}}{\f16 This panel displays the RGB (Red, Green and Blue) or the hexadecimal colour values at the current cursor position.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f16 HID_STATUSBAR_COLOUR}}}{\f16 This panel displays a solid fill of the colour value at the current cursor position.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f16 HID_STATUSBAR_URL}}}{\f16 This panel is a URL to the GipsySoft home page. Why not click on it to see more cool developer tools.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ }{\f16 HID_STATUSBAR_COORDINATES}}}{\f16 
This panel displays the mouse coordinates, the coordinates can be relative to the desktop or to the client area of the window .
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDCANCEL}}}{\f16  Closes the dialog abandoning any changes made
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDOK}}}{\f16 Closes the dialog keeping any changes made
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_DISPLAY_MOUSE}}}{\f16 Switches on/off the mouse cursor display when using the Follow Mouse feature.
\par This can improve display speed on slower machines.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_HEXADECIMAL}}}{\f16 Display the status bar colour value as hexadecimal, this is useful if you want to use the value for a colour in a web page.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_RGB}}}{\f16 Display the status bar colour value as RGB components.
\par This is the default.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_OSCURSOR}}}{\f16 Display the mouse cursor from the OS instead of the ZoomPlus default cursor.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_UPDATE_FAST}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_UPDATE_FAST_SPIN}}}{\f16 Changes the }{\i\f16 Fast}{\f16 
 update speed.
\par The default for this is to update twenty times per second.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_UPDATE_MEDIUM}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_UPDATE_MEDIUM_SPIN}}}{\f16  Changes the }{\i\f16 Medium}{
\f16  update speed.
\par The default for this is to update ten times per second.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_UPDATE_SLOW}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_UPDATE_SLOW_SPIN}}}{\f16  Changes the }{\i\f16 Slow}{\f16 
 update speed.
\par The default for this is to update once per second.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #}{ HIDC_TRANSPARENT}}}{\f16 Enables transparency. Currently only works in Windows 2000
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_GRID_SIZE}}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_GRID_SIZE_SPIN}}}{\f16 
Changes the grid size, this directly affects the density of the grid. Changing this to your preferred size can make counting pixels much easier.
\par The default for this is a one pixel grid.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_GRID}}}{\f16 Toggle the g
rid display on and off. The Grid can be used to quickly count pixels without having to switch to Zoom+. You can change the grid size by selection Options from the main context menu.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_RELATIVE}}}{\f16 
Switches the coordinates displayed in the status bar between screen coordinates and coordinates relative to the client area of the window beneath the cursor. 
\par Default is screen coordinates.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_COLOUR}}}{\f16 Changes the colour of the grid. This can make it easier for you to see the grid when working in different colour schemes.
\par Default is black.

\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_HOTKEY_BITMAP}}}{\f16 Hotkey used to copy the current bitmap to the clipboard.
\par "Backspace" to clear it..
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_HOTKEY_COLOUR}}}{\f16 Hotkey used to copy the current colour under the cursor to the clipboard.
\par  "Backspace" to clear it.

\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HIDC_INSTANCE}}}{\f16 
 Changes how many copies of Zoom+ you can have running. Leave this box unchecked if you want multiple copies of Zoom+ or check this box to prevent more than one copy from starting.
\par If this is checked then Zoom+ will find the running copy of Zoom+ and bring it to your attention.
\par Default is unchecked.}{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_HOW_DO_I}}}{\f16\fs28  }{\b\f16\fs28 How do I\'85?}{\f16\fs28 
\par }\pard \fi-227\li227\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\f16 Magnify some of the screen?
\par }{\f16 Easy. Left click the mouse onto Zoom+ but don\rquote t let go. Now move the mouse to the part of your desktop you want to zoom in on, and then release the left mouse button. Kind of like drag and drop where you are dragging a \lquote zoom\rquote 
 rectangle around!
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Grab a toolbar bitmap from the screen?
\par }{\f16 Roughly zoom into the area of interest, then right drag a selection rectangle around the toolbar button and release the right mouse button. From the context menu choose }{\i\f16 Copy Original Size}{\f16 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Copy the magnified selection to the clipboard?
\par }{\f16 Right drag a selection, when the context menu appears choose }{\i\f16 Copy Zoomed Size}{\f16  from the context menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Count how many pixels a screen object contains?
\par }{\f16 This is now very easy. Right drag from the top left of the object to the bottom right, the size of the object in screen pixels is displayed in a tool tip style popup window. No need to try to count pixels any longer.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Get a colour for use in a web page or Visual Basic?
\par }{\f16 In the options dialog (right click on Zoom+ and choose }{\i\f16 Options}{\f16  from the context menu) change the }{\i\f16 Colour Value Display}{\f16  to Hexadecimal.
\par 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_ABOUT_ZOOMPLUS}}}{\b\f16\fs28 About Zoom+}{\f16 
\par Zoom+ is Copyright Russ Freeman \'a9 2000
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f16 E-mail: }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\f16  HYPERLINK mailto:russf@dircon.co.uk }{\f16 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001300000072007500730073006600400064006900720063006f006e002e0063006f002e0075006b000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b340000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0072007500730073006600400064006900720063006f006e002e00
63006f002e0075006b0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs49\f16\ul\cf2 zoomplus@gipsysoft.com}}}{\v\f16 
!ExecFile(mailto:zoomplus@gipsysoft.com?subject=I love Zoom+ because...)}{\f16 
\par To see other great products or to get updates for Zoom+ why not visit my web site at }{\f16\uldb http://www.gipsysoft.com}{\v\f16 !ExecFile(http://www.gipsysoft.com)}{\f16 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par Zoom+ is written entirely in C++ using the Win32 API. I chose to use API rather than MFC because I wanted Zoom
+ to be small and light, programs compiled using MFC are significantly larger than their API counterparts. For most other software I write I use MFC.
\par 
\par The compiler I used is Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0.
\par 
\par Thanks to }{\f16\uldb Dan Petitt}{\v\f16 !ExecFile(mailto:danp @fpdesign.co.uk)}{\f16 
, Dan went over Zoom+ looking at all of the details that are usually missed, it's thanks to Dan that Zoom+ is so polished. Dan also did the initial design of my web site and for that I am grateful. Check out Dan's web site at }{\f16\uldb 
http://www.fpdesign.co.uk}{\v\f16 !ExecFile(http://www.fpdesign.co.uk)}{\f16 
\par 
\par }{\f16\uldb Mark Jackson}{\v\f16 !ExecFile(mailto: m.jackson@bigfoot.com)}{\f16  showed me how to write the help file and pointed out all manner of bugs and omissions with Zoom+.
\par 
\par Lots of people tested Zoom+ and suggested features, thanks go to everyone that looked at it and ensured that no (more) irritating problems crept in.
\par 
\par I hope you enjoy using Zoom+ as much as I have enjoyed writing it.
\par \page }{\cs15\f16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20 {\cs15\up6 #}{ HID_MAIN_HELP}}}{\b\f16\fs28 What can Zoom+ do?}{\f16 
\par 
\par Zoom+ is a general screen magnification tool. It can magnify any portion of the screen by up to 32 times. Panning around, zooming in  or out.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Icon Thief
\par }{\f16 It provides software developers and web designers with an easy method of grabbing screen elements such as toolbar buttons and icons from running programs or web sites. Sim
ply zoom in on the area you are interested in and copy the view to the clipboard, or for more precision, click the right mouse button on the Zoom+ window and right-drag a selection rectangle. When you release the right mouse button you can copy a selectio
n of the screen to the clipboard- either the actual size or the zoomed image.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Pixel Counting
\par }{\f16 Zoom+ also adds easy pixel counting by giving a selection marquee when the right mouse button is dragged on the main window. This selection can then be copied to c
lipboard or saved to file. Whilst the selection marquee is displayed a tool tip of the selection dimensions is displayed.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Status Bar
\par }{\f16 The status bar displays really useful information such as the colour beneath the pointer, in both a colour panel and as RG
B. There is also a panel that displays the current mouse coordinates in either screen coordinates or coordinates relative to the client area of the window beneath the cursor. The colour format and the coordinate choice can be changed from the options dial
og or from the context menu on the colour panel.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Grid
\par }{\f16 An overlay grid allows for quick sizing and alignment of screen elements, the grid size and colour can be changed from the options dialog available from the main context menu or from the system menu. Yo
u can toggle the grid on and off by using the tool bar button or a shortcut key.
\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Context Menus
\par }{\f16 Context menus provide context sensitive choices. The status bar colour and coordinates panels have their own context menu and the main display has one for just right clicking on the display and one for when you right-drag on the main display.

\par 
\par }{\b\f16 Other
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f16 To maximise your screen usage you can switch off the toolbar and status from the main context menu. All toolbar features are available from either the main context menu or from keyboard shortcuts. See }{
\f16\uldb Keys}{\v\f16\uldb HID_KEYBOARD>NormWin}{\f16\uldb .
\par }{\f16 Intellimouse support means you can zoom in and out using CTRL+Mouse Wheel, plus MS Internet Explorer style panning is supported simply by clicking the middle mouse button.
\par Transparency means you can now even look }{\i\f16 underneath}{\f16  the Zoom+ window (Only in operating systems that support it).
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16 
\par }{\b\f16 Context Help
\par }{\f16 Zoom+ has full help throughout, try right clicking on the tool bar or status bar and selecting What\rquote s This from the context menu. There is full context help in the options dialog too.
\par 
\par To see any other related information click }{\f16\uldb here}{\v\f16 HID_ALL>NormWin}{\f16 
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f16\uldb How Do I\'85}{\v\f16\uldb HID_HOW_DO_I>NormWin}{\f16\uldb 
\par }{\f16 
\par }{\f16\uldb About Zoom+}{\v\f16\uldb HID_ABOUT_ZOOMPLUS>NormWin}{\f16 
\par }}